---
layout : post
Title : How to!
---

engage people on your blog:
---

As you may know there are tons of blogs and articles in the internet and that makes it really hard for a single blog to stand out from the others. That’s why here I will try to give you some tips and ways to make your site to be different from the others, make it noticeable.

<b>Be specific</b>

When writing a blog don’t try to cover too many things at once. As for example focusing on food it would be a really wide topic and the chance are that you won’t have success since there will be many people writing about it. Instead going for a smaller topic would be better for you, like a dish or anything else related to food.

<b>Avoid cliché</b>

People tend to make their content a little generic and doing so it doesn’t feel real to their audience, make it hard for them to relate to what they are reading. Many bloggers have a distinctive way of saying things that makes them somewhat unique and easy to understand. Talk to your reader as it you were talking to them face-to-face.

<b>Be passionate</b>

Don’t worry about taking a stand that people don’t agree with, take risk. This does not mean being controversial it means expressing yourself and showing you are a real person try to stand out a point of view that it’s yours.

<b>Build a destination and a Reputation.</b>

When people start knowing you, you become somehow their friend. People start to relate to you and make a distinction from you to the others bloggers. This way you create a reputation were people would know already what to expect from you, and by that you create an ecosystem that follows you.
